## Design Process
#### Data
My first steps with this challenge were to somewhat break down the functionality into discrete pieces that could live together.  The core of this application is the form, which needs live input validation and state management, so I intend to create a custom hook for that.  Use either a `useReducer` hook or multiple `useState` hooks to manage the form fields, more likely the latter since this isn't a huge form.  Then, set up a `useEffect` hook that runs when field values change to validate those values and return a map of field validation messages with a falsy value if valid, or a string warning if invalid.
I would do the same thing for the user creation component/view, but perhaps not wrap it in a custom hook since it's just three fields.
For the disqualification page, to make it hard to resubmit the form, I would clear the browser history upon hitting that page to prevent refreshing the form or hitting the back button.  I would not go so far as to set local storage or something locking them out, just in case someone genuinely mistyped, so I'd say that re-entering the main URL should allow a user to re-enter the form details.  But I'm also asking for clarification on this point, so we'll see!
For the mock API service, I'll simply create a little mock fetch that randomly takes up to one or two seconds to return requests.  I'll use this for the form submission, of course, but may also use it to return data for the car makes, then make that field an autocomplete/combobox, since car makes would realistically be returned from an API.  It might be a little fiddly to add some mock API data for car models for every make I include, but we'll see.

#### Styling
For styling and components, I will try to stick to basic Material UI components, as they are reliable and offer a very robust API, especially for input validation / form state.  Might add more custom things later.
We only have three views in this application: the form, the account creation, and the rejection page.  My first developer job was actually making worker's compensation quoting workflows for an insurance company, so I'm quite familiar with this type of flow.  The design should be very simple and focus on just getting a user to put in their info and click submit.  Nothing too distracting.  Also, I don't have the time to make illustrations or anything too fun for this, so we'll keep it simple.
To make it simple and responsive, I'll have a basic header with a mock application name, a footer with a basic copyright message, and then the space between where our views will render.  Nothing groundbreaking.